(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
Sure is nice and quiet
around the Pride Lands today.
(GRUNTS)
You won't hear me complainin'!
(CRUNCHES)
No, but we will
hear you chewing!
(ANIMAL GRUNTS)
What's going on over there?
Do you think
something's wrong?
I don't know.
If there was, you'd think
they'd come to us.
Ma Tembo?
What's going on?
Why are you running?
Sorry, Kion!
Don't mean to be rude,
but there's no time to talk!
Whoa! That was
one big elephant
in one big hurry.
Ono? See if
you can see why.
On it!
Is something
chasing them?
Negative!
But they're not
the only ones running!
Well, if they're not
running from something...
They must be
running to something!
Let's find out what!
Come on!
I was so worried
I'd miss it!
Me, too!
I was in a panic,
let me tell you!
I don't get it.
What's the big deal?
It's just a tree.
Maybe it's time
for the sausage fruit
to fall!
You ever tasted
these things? (SMOOCHES)
Delicious!
(WHIMPERS)
I like 'em better
on my inside
than my outside.
Hey, Mbeya!
Oh, hi, Beshte.
So...
What's going on here?
I heard that you
gotta see these baboons.
Uh, do you see 'em?
Ugh! Baboons!
What have they done now?
Ono, check it out!
Affirmative!
Hmm. I don't see any...
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS) Hey!
Get off!
(GASPS) Hapana!
I said get off,
not invite a friend!
You heard the cheetah!
Leave her alone!
(CHATTERING)
Whoa! Look at 'em go!
Yeah, they're
pretty impressive.
Hmmm, maybe.
But they need to watch
where they're going.
(CHATTERING)
(ELEPHANT TRUMPETS)
(ANIMALS CHEERING)
Who are these guys?
I'm confused. Are they
attacking us or what?
Shh! Here comes
another one.
Hello, everybody!
You've just met
the Magnificent
Mwevi and Mwizi!
My name's Uroho,
and we are
The Traveling Baboon Show!
(CHEERING)
I'm so glad you could be here!
Thanks for taking time
out of your busy schedule
of eating, sleeping
and standing around!
(CHUCKLES) Or,
if you're a zebra,
panicking and running!
(ALL LAUGH)
Oh! It's funny
because it's true!
Just don't try to horn in
on the act, okay, buddy?
(UROHO CHUCKLES)
(CHUCKLES) I won't!
Beg your pardon,
ma'am, but I think
you forgot to unpack
your trunk! (LAUGHS)
(ALL GASP)
You think that was amazing?
Oh, no, you ain't
seen nothin' yet!
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ You want to see amazing
♪ You wanna see some sights
♪ Well, stay right here
Don't go nowhere
♪ Our show is filled
with delight
♪ Prepare yourself for magic
♪ Prepare yourself for thrills
♪ But don't rely
on just your eyes
♪ You might end up
with some chills
♪ We're the
Traveling Baboon Show
♪ Prepare for what
you don't know
♪ Things may seem clear
Then they disappear
♪ And you wonder
Where did we go?
♪ We're the Traveling
♪ Traveling
♪ Baboon Show
♪ Some call it entertainment
♪ Some call it crazy fun
♪ We'll make you laugh
So don't hold back
♪ 'Cause then we'll keep
moving on
(LAUGHS) Yeah.
♪ We're the
Traveling Baboon Show
♪ Prepare for what
you don't know
♪ Things may seem clear
Then they disappear
ALL: Whoa!
♪ You wonder
Where did we go?
♪ We're the Traveling
♪ Traveling
♪ Baboon Show
♪ Mystery is all around us
♪ Magic happens everywhere
♪ So relax and enjoy this
♪ We're gonna leave you
without a care
(CHUCKLES)
♪ We're the
Traveling Baboon Show
♪ Prepare for what
you don't know
♪ Things may seem clear
Then they disappear
♪ And you wonder
Where did we go?
♪ We're the
Traveling Baboon Show
♪ Prepare for what
you don't know
♪ Things may seem clear
Then they disappear
♪ And you wonder
Where did we go?
♪ We're the
Traveling, Traveling,
Traveling, Traveling
♪ Traveling
♪ Baboon Show
♪ Baboon Show ♪
(MUSIC STOPS)
(ANIMALS CHEER)
Wonderful!
Hilarious!
Well... (CHUCKLES)
That's our show, folks!
Thank you for coming out!
These guys are great!
I know!
Mmm, they're okay
for baboons, I guess.
You kidding?
They're so funny!
Yes, they're hysterical.
Ha, ha.
At least you got to be
a part of the act, Ono.
Yeah! Wonder if they need
a honey badger for their act.
"Bunga and the Baboons!"
Seriously?
I'm gonna go talk to 'em!
Since they're visitors
in the Pride Lands,
I think it's my duty
to say hello.
Don't you?
Poa! Good idea, Kion!
(SIGHS) If you say so.
That was un-Bunga-lievable!
Glad you enjoyed
that show!
Enjoyed it?
I'll never look
at sausage fruit
the same way again!
You know, I know
a honey badger who would
be perfect for your act.
(CHUCKLES) I'm sorry,
but we don't have
any openings right now.
Oh, well.
Your loss.
Welcome to the Pride Lands.
I'm Kion.
I really enjoyed the show.
You should come to Pride Rock
and perform
for my mom and dad!
The royal family!
Yeah, that's right.
I know 'em.
No biggie.
Oh, you're, you're
the son of the king?
He sure is!
And he's the leader
of the Lion Guard!
That's us.
Uhh, really? (CHUCKLES)
It's interesting, uh...
Now if you'll excuse us,
we need to rest up
for this next show.
Yeah, sure.
We have to finish
our patrol, anyway.
See you!
Yeah! (CHUCKLES)
Bye-bye! See you!
Come on, everybody.
Let's go.
Finally!
I still think
"Bunga and the Baboons"
has a good ring to it.
Anybody know
how he made those other
two baboons disappear?
Nope. It was
pretty amazing.
MA TEMBO: Lion Guard!
Help!
Sounds like Ma Tembo!
Come on!
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard Defend!
What is it, Ma Tembo?
What's wrong?
Just this morning
that tree had plenty
of flowers and leaves!
Yeah! And there
was lots of grass!
All around!
Now it's all gone.
Excuse me!
I believe I was about to say
something very important!
Sorry.
There was scads
and scads of grass!
Everywhere!
And now it's all gone!
Whoa! So are all the bugs!
Someone came and took it all!
You know what that means?
What?
I don't know.
I'm asking you!
It means there's a food thief
in the Pride Lands!
Heyvi kabisa.
Eh, what's the big deal?
There's plenty of food
to go around!
It's almost
the dry season, Bunga.
A lot of animals
have to eat extra now
to survive when
less stuff is growing.
Like my dad always says,
"It's not fair to take
"more than your share!"
It's more than
not fair, Beshte!
It goes against
the Circle of Life.
Don't worry, Ma Tembo.
The Lion Guard will
figure out who did this
and make sure
it doesn't happen again!
Thank you, Kion.
Come, everyone.
Let's find
another place to eat.
Ono, fly up and get
a closer look
at that acacia tree!
Affirmative!
Even the highest flowers
and leaves are gone!
It must've been
somebody really tall!
A giraffe!
I knew it!
But the food thief
flipped over that rock
to get at the bugs.
Could a giraffe do that?
I doubt it.
An elephant could, maybe.
With his trunk.
An elephant!
I knew it!
Well, an elephant could use
his trunk to grab flowers
and leaves from the tree.
But elephants don't eat bugs.
BESHTE: Check this out, guys!
Somebody ate this grass
clear down to the ground!
A zebra!
I knew it!
I beg your pardon!
Bunga, a zebra couldn't reach
the high leaves and flowers.
Plus, some zebras
are afraid of...
(EXCLAIMS) Panic and run!
Panic and run!
Bugs.
Thanks, buddy!
(CRUNCHES)
Okay, so what does
this all mean?
Well, the thief has
to be somebody
who'll eat
just about anything.
Like Bunga!
He'll eat anything!
You got that right!
But... But it wasn't me!
(CHUCKLING)
We know that, Bunga.
Hey! What if
this isn't just one animal?
What do you mean?
What if it's
a group of animals
who like to eat
different things,
all working together?
A group of different animals
working together?
That sounds weird.
Uh, hello?
Hi.
(CLAMORING IN DISTANCE)
What was that?
Ono?
On it!
(ANIMALS LAUGHING)
Hapana.
Well? What is it?
Just another baboon show.
(GASPS) Can we go?
Can we?
I'd like to, but we need
to figure out who took
all the food.
Yeah.
I guess you're right.
Sounds like
a lot of animals
over there!
Maybe the thieves
are there, too.
We ought to check it out!
Hmm. Well...
Don't listen to him.
He just wants
to see the show again!
So? Don't you?
No, thanks!
He's still upset about
the fruit on his head.
I am not!
Sorry, Ono.
I think Bunga
has a point.
Yes! I have a point!
Maybe we should
check out the audience.
Uh, I guess we could see
if anyone looks suspicious.
Yeah, like maybe they
have grass on their face
or bugs in their teeth!
So we can go?
I don't see why not.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
I guess we'd better
follow them.
See you there, Ono!
If it's okay with you,
I'd rather patrol
from the air.
You sure?
Trust me.
I've seen enough baboons
for one day.
Suit yourself!
You know where to find us
if you see anything!
(ELEPHANT TRUMPETS)
(ZEBRA WHOOPS)
Where's Bunga?
Up there,
making his dream come true!
(BOTH CHUCKLING)
(CHUCKLES)
(ANIMALS CHEERING)
Thank you!
Thank you so much!
(ALL CHEERING)
Wonderful!
(CHUCKLES) All right.
And thank you
for volunteering!
You kidding?
My pleasure!
What're we gonna do next?
(CHUCKLES) What you're going
to do is join your friends
in the audience.
Oh. Okay.
ANIMALS: (CHANTING)
Mwevi! Mwizi!
The Magnificent
Mwevi and Mwizi will return
after a well-deserved rest!
But in the meantime...
How about a little magic?
ALL: Ooh!
(SCOFFS) Those baboons must
be picking on another
poor unsuspecting bird!
(GASPS) Hapana!
You're the food thief!
(GRUNTS)
(CHATTERING)
(GRUNTING)
Hey! Baboons!
Come out!
I caught you fair and square!
(GRUNTING)
Where'd you go?
(BOTH WHOOPING)
Think you're
getting away, huh?
Just wait till I tell Kion!
Kion, Kion!
I solved the mystery!
You did?
(ANIMALS CHEER)
(INAUDIBLE)
Well? Who is it?
Who's the thief?
Well, it's... (GRUNTS)
(YELLING) Whoa!
Go, Ono, go!
Aww! He's so lucky!
It's them!
The baboons
are the food thieves!
They're also very annoying.
No! That can't be right!
Think about it. Baboons
eat just about anything.
They can climb trees
and flip over rocks.
Hate to admit it, Little B,
but it doesn't look good
for the baboons.
(ANIMALS GASP)
No, no!
You've got us all wrong!
Plus, I caught them!
Those two do it
during the magic act!
(ANIMALS GASP)
It can't be true!
Oh, come on, Bunga.
Who are you going to believe,
your friend Ono
or a couple of baboons?
(BOTH WHIMPER)
Well, where's all the food?
Even I couldn't have
eaten it all this fast!
Beshte, go shake that tree.
You got it, Kion!
Twende Kiboko!
(LOUD THUD)
(ALL GASP)
(GASPS) I feel so betrayed.
Show's over, folks!
(BABOONS WHOOPING)
Lion Guard!
After them!
(GRUNTS)
(WHOOPING)
I can jump, too, you know!
Zuka Zama!
(GRUNTS)
Whoops. Sorry, Kion.
(BABOON WHOOPING)
Just give up
and say you're sorry!
Sorry... (CHUCKLES)
But I'm not sorry!
You will be!
(WHOOPING)
Hey!
Look out!
They made it across the river!
Come on, ante-lanty-lopes!
Let us through!
Everyone,
everyone!
Two of the antelopes
fell into the water!
We'll need to pull 'em out!
But the baboons!
Forget the baboons!
Come on!
Beshte!
Bunga!
You know what to do!
Fuli, you're with me!
Got it!
Twende Kiboko!
(BOTH GRUNT)
Hmm...
(WHOOPING)
There you go, fellas!
High and dry!
Well, the baboons
are gone for sure.
They're in the Outlands.
At least we got them
out of the Pride Lands.
Not our problem anymore.
Ugh. Baboons.
Yeah. Baboons.
Mmm! You know
what'd taste good
right about now?
Anything!
That's what
I was gonna say!
(BOTH CACKLING)
(CIRCUS MUSIC PLAYING)
You hear that?
What is it?
I don't know!
But it's catchy!
Let's check it out!
(CHATTERING)
Well, well!
Uninvited guests!
I just got two questions.
What are you doin' here...
And which one of you
am I gonna eat first?
(GRUNTS)
You ain't gettin'
away that easy!
BUNGA: Too bad those baboonies
turned out to be thieves!
Still, you gotta admit,
they were funny!
Were they really?
Well, it was pretty funny
when they juggled you
like a sausage fruit.
Funny?
That was hilarious!
(LAUGHS)
Now I can't even remember
why I was mad at them!
Oh, well, maybe because
they were stealing food
and treating us like fools!
(LAUGHS) Oh, right.
(LAUGHS) Yeah.
(SCOFFS) I've heard enough
about those baboons!
Don't worry about it, Ono!
It's not like we'll
ever see them again!
What?
Kion, I think
you spoke too soon!
Guess who I just saw Janja
chasing across the Outlands!
Wait, wait!
Don't tell me!
Was it a fish?
No, probably not a fish.
It was those two
baboon acrobats!
Serves 'em right. Baboons...
Aw, come on, Fuli...
The Outlands
isn't our territory Ono.
Exactly!
(SIGHS) I can't believe
I'm saying this, but...
They wouldn't be
in the Outlands
if it weren't for us.
We're the ones
who chased them there!
Yeah. You're right, Ono.
Lion Guard?
We gotta save 'em.
Yeah, now you're
talking, Kion!
(SIGHS) Okay.
But I don't have to like it.
Wouldn't expect you to, Fuli.
Now let's go!
Wow. What a great audience!
Please, just hold
your applause till the end.
Hey! Is this where
the catchy sounds
were comin' from?
Oh, it sure is! (CHUCKLES)
All part of the show!
Step right up and take a seat!
Um, oh, you wanna hear a joke?
I got a joke! Um...
Two hyenas go
to the watering hole
to take a bath...
(BOTH LAUGH)
That's hilarious!
Hyenas takin' a bath!
Janja!
Are you a part of the act?
No, fur-brain!
Grab that baboon!
(CHUCKLING) But he's funny!
Who cares if he's funny?
He's food!
Oh!
Wait, wait, wait, wait!
One last joke!
What do you call
hyenas covered in mud?
Uh, I give up. What?
You!
I don't get it.
Hey!
(CACKLING)
I just got it!
Look! We're covered in mud!
(GASPS) Hapana!
I found them!
Thanks, Ono!
Lead the way!
(BOTH CHATTERING)
Stop doin' that!
I don't know if you noticed,
but there's two more of 'em!
(GROANS) Hold still!
Whoa! Janja!
I'm gettin' dizzy!
Me, too!
Ugh. Fur-brains!
Guys, this way!
(JANJA CACKLING)
Thanks for makin'
this so easy!
(CHUCKLES) Check it out, boys!
A baboon buffet!
(BOTH WHIMPERING)
KION: Stop right there, Janja!
Kion?
KION: Step away
from the baboons!
Hey, hey, they started it!
I caught 'em stealing from me!
And for that
they deserve to get eaten?
Makes sense to me.
Lion Guard.
Time to save
those baboons.
Now!
(ALL GROWLING)
(GRUNTS)
Zuka Zama!
Had enough, Janja?
(BOTH CRYING)
Fine. Then beat it!
Yeah, we're goin'.
But you baboons
stay out of my den!
Hey, Janja,
you wanna hear a joke?
A hyena takes a bath!
(CHEEZI AND CHUNGU CHUCKLE)
I can't believe you came
all this way to save us.
Now we feel bad.
What can we do
to pay you back?
I've got an idea.
Step right up, folks!
Plenty of food
to go around!
Poa! Great idea, Kion.
Thanks, Beshte.
Something for every taste!
There's also entertainment!
Just think of it
as dinner and a show!
Thank you.
Very gracious of you.
See, Fuli?
These baboons
aren't so bad after all!
Fuli?
(FULI GIGGLING)
I think she agrees
with you, Bunga!
(KION LAUGHING)
BESHTE: Go, Fuli!
Whoo!
What about you, Ono?
Changed your mind
about the baboons?
UROHO: Ono, heads up!
Huh?
(INSECT BUZZING)
(GULPS)
I suppose they're okay.
Yay!
BUNGA: Go, Fuli!
Go, Ono!
Hapana!
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪